fix(DataGrid:Resizing): onyx data grid having an empty column gap when using the resizing feature (#5783)
SchwarzIT/onyx: .changeset/hungry-impalas-scream.md

---
"sit-onyx": minor
---

> fix(OnyxDataGrid:Resizing): removed empty column gap for the resizing feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(DataGridFeatures.useResizing): Removed empty column gap for the resizing feature.
```
